bins concepts chapter (#35)
membraneframework/guide: guide/concepts/bins.md

# Bins

> Bins, similarly to pipelines, are containers for elements. However, at the same time,

Reviewer: Well, they can also be containers for other bin (recursively). I would insist on using proper terminology, element is no longer equivalent to child because a child can also be a bin. The same applies to being a parent.

Reviewer: It applies to more places in this text.

Author: I agree about the other places, but at the beginning I'd stick to _elements_ not to overcomplicate things. The fact that bins can be nested is pointed out two sentences later.

they can be placed and linked within pipelines. Although bin is a separate
Membrane entity, it can be perceived as a pipeline within an element.
Bins can be nested within one another.

There are two main reasons why bins are useful:

> - they enable creating reusable element groups,

Reviewer: This comma at the end, IMO, is unnecessary

- they allow managing elements inside, for instance by dynamically spawning
or replacing them as the stream changes.

## Pads

Bin's pads are defined similarly to element's pads and can be linked the same way.
However, their role is limited to proxy the stream to elements inside (inputs)

> or outside (outputs). To achieve that, each input pad of a bin needs to be linked

Reviewer: Not necessarily, bins can be at the beginning or end of pipeline which means its input/output pads might not be linked with the outside world.

Reviewer: Moreover it can be linked to another `child` rather than `element` (we can have multiple bins one after another). See the first comment.

Author: Even if a bin is at either end of a pipeline, it is still true that each of its input and output pads is linked.

> to an output outside and another input inside the bin. Accordingly, each bin's output

Reviewer 2: As this sentence is quite confusing I would be more explicit here, more or less like this:
```suggestion
to both an output pad from the outside of a bin and an input pad of an element inside the bin. Accordingly, each bin's output
```

should be linked to output inside and input outside of the bin.

## Bins and the stream

Although the bin passes the stream through its pads, it does not access it directly,
so that callbacks such as `handle_process` or `handle_event` are not found there.
This is because the responsibility of the bin is to manage its elements, not to
process the stream. Whatever the bin needs to know about the stream, it should
get via notifications from elements inside.

## Bins as black boxes

> Bins are designed to take as much responsibility for elements inside as possible ,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bins are designed to take as much responsibility for the elements inside as possible
```

> so that pipelines (or parent bins) didn't need to depend on bin's implementation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
so that pipelines (or parent bins) don't have to depend on bin's implementation
```

> so that pipelines (or parent bins) didn't need to depend on bin's implementation

Reviewer 2: They kind of rely on the implementation (it's up to bin's implementation what notifications will be sent). The pipelines shouldn't rely on what elements/bins are inside.
